add debounce to delay check run multiple times in a short time (#216)
fi3ework/vite-plugin-checker: docs/checkers/eslint.md

| lintCommand        | `string`                                                                                                   | This value is required | `lintCommand` will be executed at build mode, and will also be used as default config for dev mode when `eslint.dev.eslint` is nullable.                                                                                 |
| dev.overrideConfig | [`ESLint.Options`](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/master/types/eslint/index.d.ts) | `undefined`            | **(Only in dev mode)** You can override the options of the translated from `lintCommand`. Config priority: `const eslint = new ESLint({cwd: root, ...translatedOptions, ...pluginConfig.eslint.dev?.overrideConfig, })`. |
| dev.logLevel       | `('error' \| 'warning')[]`                                                                                 | `['error', 'warning']` | **(Only in dev mode)** Which level of ESLint should be emitted to terminal and overlay in dev mode                                                                                                                       |

> debounceTime | `number` | `undefined` | Avoid repeated formatting files when your editor set lint on save action,and avoid multiple check in a short time |     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dev.debounce | `number` | `undefined` | Avoid repeated formatting files when your editor set lint on save action, and avoid multiple checks in a short time |     
```

Should be put in the `dev` filed as we do not need it in build mode.

Author: i will chanage option name as your suggestion.thx

> dev.debounce | `number` | `undefined` | Avoid repeated formatting files when your editor set lint on save action,and avoid multiple checks in a short time |     

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dev.debounce | `number` | `undefined` | Avoid repeated formatting files when your editor set lint on save action and avoid multiple checks in a short time |     
```
